In the last lecture, we talked about robot
forward kinematics, and forward kinematics
is the relationship between the robot joint
angles, which we represent by a vector I call
'Q, and the pose of the robot end effector.
We can describe this in terms of a mathematical
function. We can describe forward kinematics
as the function curly K of the robot joint
angles, and the return value of that function
is the pose of the end effector. This is very
very useful in robotics, but more useful is
what's called the 'Inverse Kinematics.'
This is the function that tells us that joint
angles that we need in order to achieve a
particular robot end effector pose.
So say we want the robots end effector to
be at this particular pose in space, then
what should the joint angles be set to in order for the robot end effector to get to that particular pose?
This is called the 'Inverse Kinematics Problem' that's really key to arm type robots.